Ah, don't be embarrassed to go away
Little love little love
It's me it's me
You finally came to save me
I came over as soon as I got your call
So what's going on?
Shouldn't it be at the hotel?
Why are you here?
I can't explain it to you.
Don't explain if you don't want to explain
Now all you have to do is where do you want to go?
I don't want to stay in Paris anymore
I'm going back home
Don't worry, I will definitely take you back to China.
Let's go
President, an hour ago
Someone from the police station said
A criminal attacked an oriental girl
Is Snowball in the hospital?
He is injured.
You, you, don't worry
The girl wasn't hurt
Instead, the homeless man's head was smashed open
Where is he now
According to eyewitness accounts
He was rescued by an Oriental man
It looks a bit like second-hand.
Immediately track down Long Xiuyuan's heart
Yes